bpo-40692: Run more test_concurrent_futures tests (#20239)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Core and Builtins/2020-05-19-22-10-05.bpo-40692.ajEhrR.rst

> In concurrent.futures.ProcessPoolExecutor, validate that multiprocess.synchronize is available on this platform. Rely on that check in the concurrent.futures test suite so we can run concurrent.futures tests unrelated to ProcessPoolExecutor on those platforms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the :class:`concurrent.futures.ProcessPoolExecutor`, validate that :func:`multiprocess.synchronize` is available on a given platform and rely on that check in the :mod:``concurrent.futures` test suite so we can run tests that are unrelated to :class:`ProcessPoolExecutor` on those platforms.
```

> In the :class:`concurrent.futures.ProcessPoolExecutor`, validate that :func:`multiprocess.synchronize` is available on a given platform and rely on that check in the :mod:``concurrent.futures` test suite so we can run tests that are unrelated to :class:`ProcessPoolExecutor` on those platforms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the :class:`concurrent.futures.ProcessPoolExecutor`, validate that :func:`multiprocess.synchronize` is available on a given platform and rely on that check in the :mod:`concurrent.futures` test suite so we can run tests that are unrelated to :class:`ProcessPoolExecutor` on those platforms.
```
